My api key: edd641e1-be3f-4ffa-aa56-64945420b0ba

What is an API?
	In layman's terms, an API is an agreement between two people stating: 
		"If you give me this instruction, I will perform this action, or return this information" 
	
	You can consider an API as the alternative "user interface" that software uses to interact with other software.
	We humans are familiar with user interfaces that have fancy layouts with buttons, fonts, colors, graphics, etc; 
	and most of that is unnecessary to a machine.  Machines wouldn't open up a program or website, take a screenshot 
	of that section of the monitor, and then try to parse its meaning visually like a human would.

	Machines just need a shorthand way to do things like checking the current weather or adding an event to your calendar.  
	That's what an API provides.

APIs can be web-based, or specific to a platform.  Google has APIs for search, calendars, translations, etc.  Facebook and Twitter have APIs that allow software to automatically post status updates.  Apple provides many APIs for building iPhone apps.
	
Before you can start using the API, you will need:

1. A League of Legends account
2. A Riot Games developer API key
	you can find the API key in your dashboard (https://developer.riotgames.com/)
3. A web server (or web application container) where you can deploy and run code in a language that allows you to make web service requests 
(This is for building a web app, something that will run in any web browser. Native mobile apps are another story.)
4. Some experience writing code in that language.

You probably already have a LoL account. To get the API key, you log in with your LoL username and password at the Riot Games developer website 
(https://developer.riotgames.com/) After you agree to the terms of use, you'll see your developer API key. Copy and paste it in a file somewhere. 
You'll need it to use the API.

According to the Riot Game's Developer getting started guide, it returns JSON data. In turn what this means is that you can use any programming 
language that has the ability to manipulate JSON objects. 

You can think of the API key as a password for you to gain access to the information. There are some requirements for this however; Knowledge of 
basic web calls is a must, JSON Data for obvious reasons, and the big one is Object Oriented Design.  